feat(button): add circle and circle_small sizes (#2573)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/button/index.mdx

</Stack>`}
</LivePreview>

#### Circle Buttons

> You can create icon Buttons from variants that have background colors and borders,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create circle icon Buttons from variants that have background colors and borders,
```

like primary and secondary, by using that variant and changing the size of the Button
component to `size="circle"` or `size="circle_small"`.

> Circle buttons are similar to icon Buttons where they can only have an icon in them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like icon Buttons, circle Buttons can only have an icon in them.
```

> To change the size of the Button, change the size of the Icon itself.

Reviewer: suggestion: it'd be useful to link to the icons doc page here that talks about icon sizing https://paste.twilio.design/components/icons/usage-guidelines#resizing-icons

Use an icon that can only convey a single action.

> Use circular icon-only Buttons sparingly. If there is any text in a button, do not use these icon-specific variants or sizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use circular icon-only Buttons sparingly. If there is any text in a button, do not use a circle button, or any icon-specific variants or sizes.
```
